Docs/1571 docs on handling NULL values at incremental cursor path (#1650)
dlt-hub/dlt: docs/website/docs/general-usage/incremental-loading.md

   ```
   `id_after` incrementally stores the latest `cursor_path` value for future pipeline runs.

### Loading NULL values in the incremental cursor field

When loading incrementally with a cursor field, each row is expected to contain a value at the cursor field that is not `None`.
For example, the following source data will raise an error:
```py
data = [
    {"id": 2, "updated_at": 2},
    {"id": 1, "updated_at": 1},
    {"id": 3, "updated_at": None},

> ]

Author: Alternatively, we could give an example of a source crashing:

```py
@dlt.resource
def some_data(updated_at=dlt.sources.incremental("updated_at")):
    yield [
        {"id": 1, "created_at": 1, "updated_at": 1},
        {"id": 2, "created_at": 2, "updated_at": 2},
        {"id": 3, "created_at": 4, "updated_at": None},
    ]

list(some_data())
```

Reviewer: I like the source example a bit more because it's closer to real life

```

If you want to load data that includes `None` values you can transform the records before the incremental processing.
You can add steps to the pipeline that [filter, transform, or pivot your data](../general-usage/resource.md#filter-transform-and-pivot-data).

> It is important to use the `insert_at` parameter to control the order of the execution and ensure that your custom steps are executed before the incremental processing starts.

Reviewer: Let's put information about inset_at under TIP or CAUTION. Otherwise it's hard to realise where the insert_at came from
```suggestion
:::caution
It is important to set the `insert_at` parameter of `add_map` function to control the order of the execution and ensure that your custom steps are executed before the incremental processing starts.
In the following example, the step of data yielding is at `index = 0`, the custom transformation at `index = 1`, and the incremental processing at `index = 2`.
:::
```

   ```
   `id_after` incrementally stores the latest `cursor_path` value for future pipeline runs.

### Loading NULL values in the incremental cursor field

When loading incrementally with a cursor field, each row is expected to contain a value at the cursor field that is not `None`.
For example, the following source data will raise an error:
```py
@dlt.resource
def some_data(updated_at=dlt.sources.incremental("updated_at")):
    yield [
        {"id": 1, "created_at": 1, "updated_at": 1},
        {"id": 2, "created_at": 2, "updated_at": 2},
        {"id": 3, "created_at": 4, "updated_at": None},
    ]

list(some_data())
```

If you want to load data that includes `None` values you can transform the records before the incremental processing.
You can add steps to the pipeline that [filter, transform, or pivot your data](../general-usage/resource.md#filter-transform-and-pivot-data).

> :::caution
> It is important to set the `insert_at` parameter of the `add_map` function to control the order of the execution and ensure that your custom steps are executed before the incremental processing starts.
> In the following example, the step of data yielding is at `index = 0`, the custom transformation at `index = 1`, and the incremental processing at `index = 2`.
> :::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

:::caution
It is important to set the `insert_at` parameter of the `add_map` function to control the order of the execution and ensure that your custom steps are executed before the incremental processing starts.
In the following example, the step of data yielding is at `index = 0`, the custom transformation at `index = 1`, and the incremental processing at `index = 2`.
:::

```
Pad with new lines

### Loading NULL values in the incremental cursor field

When loading incrementally with a cursor field, each row is expected to contain a value at the cursor field that is not `None`.
For example, the following source data will raise an error:
```py
@dlt.resource
def some_data(updated_at=dlt.sources.incremental("updated_at")):
    yield [
        {"id": 1, "created_at": 1, "updated_at": 1},
        {"id": 2, "created_at": 2, "updated_at": 2},
        {"id": 3, "created_at": 4, "updated_at": None},
    ]

list(some_data())
```

If you want to load data that includes `None` values you can transform the records before the incremental processing.
You can add steps to the pipeline that [filter, transform, or pivot your data](../general-usage/resource.md#filter-transform-and-pivot-data).

:::caution
It is important to set the `insert_at` parameter of the `add_map` function to control the order of the execution and ensure that your custom steps are executed before the incremental processing starts.
In the following example, the step of data yielding is at `index = 0`, the custom transformation at `index = 1`, and the incremental processing at `index = 2`.
:::

> In the following example, the step of data yielding is at `index = 0`, the custom transformation at `index = 1`, and the incremental processing at `index = 2`.

Reviewer: I think this line is now duplicated

Author: thank you for catching that!
